Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
That flower
seen as I went down
- as I was coming up
I couldn't see it
FLOWERS OF A MOMENT by Ko Un
Watch your step, Jin-woo!
- They're selling the subsidiaries.
- I heard.
Like that will do anything
to solve this mess.
Half the management
already got sacked.
You think we're next?
ROUTER SECURITIES CORP.
That's all you have to say?
Give us an explanation
for this disaster!
We were only following
company guidelines!
Let's try to be rational here.
What was the risk management
department doing?
How could they sit around
and let this happen?
What have you people
made us do?
- You pressured us into this!
- That's ridiculous!
How do you expect us to
repair the damages?
Why aren't you going in, KANG?
- The company has a plan...
- The president told me himself.
That we won't file for bankruptcy.
I assured my clients...
- I know, I know.
- Even my friends and relatives...
I've heard enough!
I know you put in your own money
to rack up sales.
We're doing everything we can.
- It's 1.3 trillion dollars!
- Mr. KANG!
What's gotten into you?
Don't act like you didn't know.
Are you suggesting we deliberately
tried to trick you brokers?
You knew all along.
You just didn't believe it.
I expected more from a
smart kid like you.
STOCK FRAUD
KANG Jae-hoon!
My money made you head manager.
Step up and do something!
Come on!
Don't you have anything to say?
- How are you gonna fix this?
- This is what you meant by "high yield"?
Look, it's on the news!
Turn up the volume.
ROUTER SECURITIES CEO INDICTED
FOR SELLING BAD LOANS
Goddamn crooks!
They tricked us all!
You said it was safe.
You said they wouldn't
file for bankruptcy.
It was a scam, lady!
I take full responsibility.
You're the manager.
You can fix this, can't you?
Help me, please.
I know you can.
I apologize.
On behalf of all our employees...
Shut up!
- Please, don't do this.
- The nerve of you...
Spitting out excuses.
Are you all right, sir?
You've been taking
your medication?
Yes.
And how did you feel these
past two mornings?
I'm just getting by.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DADDY
I MISS YOU
FROM SOO-JIN
JIN-WOO AND I WILL GO A WEEK LATER.
THAT'S OKAY, RIGHT?
- Hi, honey.
- What's the matter?
I'm just asking what you think.
Don't ask me when you've
already decided.
I'm waiting on some results
coming in next week and...
Never mind.
Do what you have to do.
CORPORATE BOND
ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS
I APOLOGIZE FOR BETRAYING THE TRUST OF
MY CLIENTS, FRIENDS, AND FAMILY.
PRESCRIPTION DRUGS
AREUM PSYCHIATRIC CLINIC
HEAD MANAGER OF HANNAM BRANCH
KANG JAE-HOON
INTERNATIONAL FLIGHT BOOKING
SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA
NOVEMBER 25TH DEPARTURE TO
INCOMING CALL
HEAD OFFICE DIRECTOR
FOUR MISSED CALLS
HEAD OFFICE, SOO-JIN
This stop is Bondi Junction.
What's wrong, Chichi?
Come back!
Welcome.
Hello?
Yeah.
I waited for thirty minutes,
but no one came.
I see.
I'm at the restaurant in front of
Backpacker Inn.
That's right.
So you have the money ready?
It's just my first time doing
private currency exchange.
I have the money ready.
Sure.
Right now?
Then I'll wait outside.
Okay.
- Hey.
- Hello.
I don't think we're understanding
each other very well.
You need to sign in to access
your bank account.
Then can't we meet again
when I can get online?
But why would you wait when
we can get you online at my house?
It's just that I expected you to be
bringing cash.
Damn working holiday losers.
Let's just go.
Are you gonna do this or not?
It's your decision.
- Fine.
- Then get in.
Hey.
You two plan to keep this up,
without a valid visa?
I'm not going back to Korea,
that's for sure.
Don't you have any goals or dreams?
Come on, man.
Dreams are worth shit.
I'm here to enjoy life.
Stop nagging us, jackass.
You talk big for someone that
practically lives at the casino.
- Excuse me?
- Big man with his extended visa.
- Stop with that attitude!
- What?
She didn't offend you, did she?
In-ho isn't upset.
He was just born uptight.
Have you lost your mind?
Yeah, I think she has.
Snap out of it.
- She's fucking losing it.
- Get yourself together!
He's freaking out too.
- Come on, In-ho.
- Just shut her up.
There's nothing but crap in her bag.
- Broke-ass bitch.
- She must have a rich heart.
How's that gonna help me, huh?
Do you think you can walk?
I just need to get to
that building up ahead.
You're Korean, aren't you?
My name is YOO Gin-ah.
They call me Gina here.
I was having a pretty bad day...
Thank you for helping me.
Install this on the inside,
but with no keyhole?
We'll just use it to lock up
from the inside.
- What for?
- No one can see the second lock.
So no one besides us
can get inside.
- What if Jin-woo locks it?
- Install it up beyond his reach.
- Isn't this a bit much?
- I get scared when you're not home.
It's a scary world out there.
I know your name.
Chichi.
SOO-JIN LEE
THE SYDNEY ORCHESTRA APPLICATION
- You're really selling it?
- Yeah.
You can just play it as a hobby.
Working at something every day
is too exhausting.
Australia?
You said the States last time.
It's in the same time zone and
they have better weather.
Not to mention better exchange rates.
- There's no time difference?
- Sydney is an hour faster.
But Jin-woo will learn English
in kindergarten...
Soo-jin!
You and Jin-woo both need to
learn to speak English.
People fluent in English are in a
whole other economic sector.
- For how long?
- Let's start with two years.
See you tonight.
Mommy!
Chichi is pooping!
Where?
Don't poop here again,
or I'll really punish you!
Stop that!
You'll lose all your eyebrows!
No, that's wrong.
Shouldn't you be getting ready
for the beach?
Just four more answers to go.
But that's too many.
BUSINESS NEWS
ROUTER SECURITIES CRISIS ESCALATES
What else can you think of?
That's right. Kangaroo.
That starts with K, doesn't it?
- CALLING HUSBAND
- What comes next?
Keep going.
What else?
Let's go.
Be careful, Jin-woo!
Jin-woo!
Careful!
GENERAL SKILLED
MIGRATION PROGRAM
You know what they say?
Peeling oranges for someone is caring,
but peeling shrimp is true love.
Mister.
- What are you doing here?
- I was meeting someone nearby.
- Are you feeling better?
- Yes. Thank you.
That's good.
I normally wouldn't ask for
something like this...
I'm sorry, but I...
- There's nothing I can do here.
- Can't you help me once?
I came here on working holiday
two years ago.
I'm very sorry,
but I have to be going.
You just have to go with me.
I'm afraid to go alone...
And I don't know anyone.
I can't go back to Korea
without that money.
These people were supposed to
help me exchange Australian dollars...
Why didn't you just go to
the bank?
They offered me a better
exchange rate.
It was 1,300 won when I came.
Now it's less than 900.
How much were you changing?
19,000 Australian dollars.
- You just gave them all that money?
- No, I didn't give...
They took it from you?
Yes.
I can't go to the police because
I've overstayed my visa.
I'm sorry to say this,
but you won't get it back.
But I saved that money for two years,
working ten hours a day.
- Can't you please help me?
- I'm really sorry.
Please help me, Mister!
It was somewhere around here...
I think we passed this street before.
I should've checked the street name.
I'm sorry.
I was so distraught.
- You said their house was white?
- Yes.
I get up at four in the morning.
Then I wash up.
I don't, really.
I just go and get on the van.
They drop us off at a farm
about thirty minutes away.
Are you mad?
No, it's nothing.
- Did I do something wrong?
- Not at all.
It's not you, Gina.
I'm just having some issues.
What does it mean if someone
starts looking for a job
when their visa is expiring
in three months?
They can get a new visa
and won't have to go back to Korea.
I sent my wife and child here two years ago,
but I was never that curious.
I just heard their voices
over the phone.
Just assumed they were doing fine.
Oh.
So you're living apart?
I don't know how their lives
have been here,
and why she's suddenly
looking for a job.
Should we pick up on the street
of that last house tomorrow?
No, I'll look ahead of time.
- I'll find the house first and...
- Can you go by yourself?
Sure.
Hi, Mr. Kim.
It's Jin-woo's mom, Apartment 201.
Yes, we're good.
I'm sorry to call so late.
It's just that I can't seem to
reach my husband.
Could you go up and check, please?
Press 0-1-2-7 and star.
0-1-2...
2-7 and star.
Yes, please. Thank you.
Hello?
Anyone home?
Why did you come
all the way here?
Stop following me.
Hurry back home!
You're here so soon.
- Did you find the house?
- I did.
Where did he come from?
What's your name?
- It's Chichi.
- Chichi?
You're so adorable, Chichi!
- Shall we?
- Sure.
Turns out we were going in the
opposite direction last night.
You got into a car
at the restaurant, right?
How did you know?
I rode that car here.
They didn't just take your money,
did they?
How did you meet them?
An online community.
I trusted them because
they were Korean.
They were on working holiday too.
No one was home when I came by
this afternoon.
It's this house.
What's this?
This wasn't here earlier.
Hey! Excuse me!
Open up!
This can't be happening...
Anybody in there?
Hey!
Is anybody in there?
If a deal is too good to be true,
it always is.
I've never had any doubts in
the work that I do.
But I got promoted by selling
bad loans to my clients.
That's how I sent my wife and child here.
But it cost me my entire fortune
and the trust of my clients.
I lost my family and friends.
And I lost myself in the end.
When you get on the bus
at five in the morning,
you realize that no one is poor
because they're lazy.
That's true.
I was so proud of all my success,
but it meant nothing in the end.
Looks like I've come too far
to turn it all around.
See you later.
Wish me luck.
JIN-WOO KANG
ACUTE PANCREATITIS
Son.
- Are you okay, Son?
- It's really you, Dad?
Go to sleep, sweetie.
APPLICATION FOR PERMANENT
RESIDENCY IN AUSTRALIA
NAME OF APPLICANT
SOO-JIN LEE
FAMILY MEMBER
JAE-HOON KANG, JIN-WOO KANG
All I want is for you to be happy
every single day.
And Mommy...
I want her to be happy too.
You were watching all along.
I saw Dad at the hospital yesterday.
Let's skip school today and
stay at home with Mommy.
Maybe you dreamt of Daddy since
you're excited to go to Korea.
You couldn't have seen Daddy.
But he asked me if I was okay.
Gina.
- You have to come with me somewhere.
- Right now?
Where?
I think it'd be better for you
to see for yourself.
Jin-woo.
How many days are in a month?
That's how long we'll stay in Korea
when we go next week.
But if Mommy passes her audition,
then we're gonna ask Daddy
to come live with us.
- Would you like that?
- Yeah!
But Mommy...
Isn't this the same neighborhood?
What's going on?
Gina.
Tell them I didn't do it!
Just shut up!
CALLING HUSBAND
Hi, Mr. Kim.
You said you tried pressing 0127
and it didn't work, right?
I see.
I just want to double-check
something.
You said the lock was disabled
but the door wouldn't open.
I forgot to tell you about the lock
we installed on the inside of the door.
That's right.
I think there's someone inside.
2015 BEST SALES PERFORMANCE
HEAD MANAGER KANG JAE-HOON
LEXAPRO, XANAX
KANG JAE-HOON, 2 TABLETS A DAY
Yes, Mr. Kim.
What?
What are you talking about?
But how...
How could he...
Jae-hoon.
Male, forty-one.
KANG Jae-hoon.
Looks like suicide caused by
prescription overdose.
Body kept in good condition
due to low room temperatures.
We're transferring him to
the hospital now.
You're really going to Tasmania?
Yes.
Would you like to come?
I don't think I'm ready
to let go yet.
I thought it would be easier,
since it was my choice.
But it just makes me more sad
and more angry.
It left me confused every time.
I still can't believe it,
to be honest.
I only came to terms with it
this morning.
It was hard to take in.
Gina.
Maybe we're just meant to
pass through,
as quiet and unseen as
the way we first came.
But why Tasmania?
I lived life not even knowing it existed,
so I thought I'd go.
My mom will come for me
if I wait here a while.
Bye, Chichi.
Thank you, Mister.
I have to pee, Mommy.
Okay, let's go.
Wash your hands.
Jin-woo.
How did Dad seem at the hospital?
What did he say to you?
But you don't believe me.
No, I believe.
Tell me what Dad said.
He said he came to see
you and me.
I can't really remember.
I wish you were here too, Dad.
But since you're not,
I'll show you instead.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org